Session Management (#323)
gobeyondidentity/developer-docs: docs/includes/_access_token_create_conf_client_creds.mdx

> In this simple flow, you will use the app's credentials to authenticate a single API call to the app's '/token' endpoint.

Reviewer: What's an example of doing this?

```suggestion
In this simple flow, you will use the app's credentials to authenticate a single API call to the app's `/token` endpoint.
```

> First, create the app:

Reviewer: From which Realm? Does it matter?

import AddAppAdminConsole from '../includes/_add-application-console.mdx';

<AddAppAdminConsole />

3. On the **External Protocol** tab, use the following values to complete this tab.

  | Property | Value |
  | --- | --- |
  | **Protocol** | OAuth2 |
  | **Client Type** | Confidential |
  | **PKCE** | Disabled |
  | **Token Endpoint Auth Method** | Client Secret Basic |
  | **Grant Type** | Client Credentials |

4. Click **Submit** to save the new app.

5. Next, create the HTTP request:

  **Request url:**

  ```http
  https://auth-{us|eu}.beyondidentity.com/v1/tenants/{tenant_id}/realms/{realm_id}/applications/{application_id}/token

>   ```

Reviewer: You can also just copy this from console in External Protocol tab.

Author: Done 👍

  **Request method:** POST

  **Request headers:**

  ```http
  Authorization: Basic {client_credentials}
  content-type: application/x-www-form-urlencoded
  ```

  where {client_credentials} is value of the app's **Client ID** and **Client Secret**, concatenated together in the format '{client_id}:{client_secret}' and base64 encoded

  **Request body:**

  ```http
  grant_type: "client_credentials"
  scope: {scopes}
  expiration_time: {seconds}
  custom_claims: {custom_claims_json}

>   ```

Reviewer: It might be helpful to use the `MultiLanguageCodeBlock` and generate a curl here too

  where:

    - {scopes} is one or more of the app's **Allowed Scopes**, space delimited.

    - expiration_time is an OPTIONAL parameter, and {seconds} is the desired time after minting, in seconds, for which the token will be considered valid. If included, this value must be less than or equal to the app's configured **Expires** setting

>     - custom_claims is an OPTIONAL parameter, and {custom_claims_json} is a JSON string containing the desired additional claims as key value pairs, for example '{"a": "b", "c": "d"}'. Upon successful token request, the resulting token will contain additional field 'bi_custom' with the desired claims.

Author: Done 👍
